Next we're going to create some light rays in our water.
And the way we'll do that is we're going to add a new layer underneath our yellow layer.
And using a brush tool with the color white and a hard edge we are going to create some random dots
along our water line like so then we're going to shrink our brush down and we're going to create some
smaller dots
.
So now what we want to come up to our filters blurred and then we're going to come down to motion blur
And what that does is it gives us a nice sweeping blur across our image and right here with this wheel
we can change the angle of our blar.
We want to be at about 40 negative 40 degrees
.
There is good and we want a distance throe of 500 pixels then press OK.
Now we're going to drag our late light rays down
like so then we want to delete any light rays that are coming outside of the water.
So we'll select our water shape invert the selection and the
next using our research with a soft edge and we're going to put the opacity down to four.
We're going to erase the edges of our light rays away so they just sort of fade into the water
.